# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model          = { cost = 2 buildtime = 35 manpower = 2 defensiveness = 3 toughness = 3 defaultorganisation = 3 softness = 0 hardattack = 3 softattack = 2 supplyconsumption = 0 fuelconsumption = 0 upgrade_time_factor = 0.5 upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0 }
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
# 0 - Advanced Light Tank
model =
{ cost                = 5
  buildtime           = 60
  manpower            = 2
  defensiveness       = 3
  toughness           = 3
  defaultorganisation = 8
  softness            = -18
  hardattack          = 3
  softattack          = 2
  supplyconsumption   = 0.28
  fuelconsumption     = 0.6
  upgrade_time_factor = 0.5
  upgrade_cost_factor = 1.0
}
